docker: Update 3rd party registry info for ECR (#325)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/docker/private-registries.rst

.. _aws ecr get-login-password:
   https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ecr/get-login-password.html

Configuring Devices for AWS ECR
-------------------------------

Devices may need access to private ECR container images. While

> bootstrapping a project, it's often easiest to simply copy AWS
> credentials to each device. However, before going to production, it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bootstrapping a project, it is often easiest to simply copy AWS
credentials to each device. However, before going to production, it is
```
